Restructure README (#115)
youngmonkeys/ezyfox-server: README.md

With the EzyFox ecosystem, we can avoid the headache of choosing which technologies to use to manage and scale up an application, allowing us to focus solely on implementing business logic.

## ✨ Features

* **Core Container & Dependency Injection**: Includes bean manipulation, auto-binding, auto-implementation, and more.
* **Multiple Communication Protocols**: Supports TCP, UDP, WebSocket, and HTTP.
* **Traffic Encryption**: Allows for traffic between clients and servers to be encrypted using SSL.
* **Multiple Client SDKs**: Includes Android, iOS, Unity, React, C++, Flutter, and more.

## 🚀 Getting Started

> [Let's see how we can getting started just in 5 minutes!](https://youngmonkeys.org/get-started/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Let's see how we can get started in just 5 minutes!](https://youngmonkeys.org/get-started/)
```

## 📑 Documentation

> - [Official website document](https://youngmonkeys.org/projects/ezyfox-server)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Official EzyFox Server documentation](https://youngmonkeys.org/projects/ezyfox-server)
```

> - [Issue](https://github.com/youngmonkeys/ezyfox-server/issues)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Issues](https://github.com/youngmonkeys/ezyfox-server/issues)
```

Reviewer: @TrungKenbi A couple of final suggestions, thanks

Author: Finally, I updated it all. Many thanks for your suggestion @vu-luong

## 📐 Architect Overview
<div align="center">
    <img src="./images/ezyfox-server-architecture.png" width="512" />
</div>

-----------

- A EzyFox Server will contain multi zones
- A zone will contain zone's user manager mutl apps and multi plugins
- An App will contain app's user manager

> - A Plugin just handle events and client's requests

Reviewer 2: - An EzyFox Server will contain multiple zones.
- Each Zone will contain a zone's user manager, multiple apps, and multiple plugins.
- An App will contain an app's user manager.
- A Plugin will only handle events and client's requests.

Author: Okay, I will update soon.
@tvd12 please update on your website at here: https://youngmonkeys.org/ezyfox-server/guides/ezyfox-server-architecture

Reviewer 2: updated, thank you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An EzyFox server contains multiple zones
- A zone contains its user manager, multiple apps and multiple plugins
- An app contains its user manager
- A plugin only handles events and clients' requests
```

Reviewer 2: @trungdlp-wolffun could you update by Vu suggestion? I see it's more suitable

Reviewer 3: @tvd12 I updated.

> See more detail about Sever Architect [here](https://youngmonkeys.org/ezyfox-server/guides/ezyfox-server-architecture)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See more detail about the sever architecture [here](https://youngmonkeys.org/ezyfox-server/guides/ezyfox-server-architecture)
```

## ✏️ Examples

1. [Free Chat](https://github.com/youngmonkeys/freechat)
2. [Space Game Cocos2d-x](https://github.com/tvd12/space-game)
3. [Space Shooter Unity](https://github.com/tvd12/space-shooter)
4. [Lucky Wheel Phaser HTML5](https://github.com/tvd12/ezyfox-server-example/tree/master/lucky-wheel)
5. [One Two Three Simple Game Server](https://github.com/tvd12/ezyfox-server-example/tree/master/one-two-three)
6. [Easy Smashers Unity](https://github.com/vu-luong/ezy-smashers)

## 📜 Tutorials

> 1. [EzyChat](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLlZavoxtKE1IfKY7ohkLLyv6YkHMkvH6G): A simple realtime chat application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [EzyChat](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLlZavoxtKE1IfKY7ohkLLyv6YkHMkvH6G): A simple real-time chat application
```

9.  [Swift](https://github.com/youngmonkeys/ezyfox-server-swift-client)
10. [React Native](https://github.com/youngmonkeys/ezyfox-react-native-client)

## 🔨 Development
### Environment
- JDK 1.8
- Maven

### Tests

Navigate to the source folder and run:
```
mvn test
```

## 🎉 Who uses EzyFox?

> As the EzyFox Community grows, we'd like to keep track of our users. Please send a PR with your organization name if you are using EzyFox.

Reviewer: > we'd like to keep track of our users

This sounds quite privacy-sensitive to me. Maybe consider rewording it to:
```suggestion
As the EzyFox community grows, we'd love to see how our open-source framework can help you and your organization solve real-world problems. Feel free to send a PR with your project name/organization name if you are using EzyFox.
```
